= rankforce

rankforce is a tool which social conditions from ikioi of 2ch.

== Installation

Generate and install the gem, execute a command.

  rake gemspec
  gem build rankforce.gemspec

=== Gem Installation

  gem install rankforce

== OAuth support

OAuth needs rankforce. Please get access token and access token secret for OAuth.
Get your twitter OAuth keys register at http://dev.twitter.com/apps,
Then write in rankforce configuration file. (There is the sample in $RANKFORCE_ROOT/config/config.sample.yml)

== Prepare database

This app is require that database MySQL or SQLite3.
Especially recommended sqlite3 because it is more easy to introduce.
DDL definition is performed automatically when you run rankforce.

== Aquire data

Rankforce applications can be run directly:

  rankforce [-h] [-C config file path] [-p]

Options are:

  -h # help
  -C # config file path (required)
  -p # print error message (default is off)
  -v # show version

== Web page sample

Now createing...

== More

* {Demo Website}[http://rf.summer-lights.jp/]
* {Twitter}[http://twitter.com/rankforce]


== Copyright

* Author::    mapserver2007(Ryuichi TANAKA) <mapserver2007@gmail.com>
* Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2010 mapserver2007

== License

  (The MIT License)

  Copyright (c) 2010 mapserver2007

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.