= rankforce

rankforce is a tool which social conditions from ikioi of 2ch.

== Installation

Generate and install the gem, execute a command.

  rake gemspec
  gem build rankforce.gemspec

=== Gem Installation

  gem install rankforce

== OAuth support

OAuth needs rankforce. Please get access token and access token secret for OAuth.
At first, consumer key and consumer secret from Twitter. Please refer to http://twitter.com/settings/connections in detail.
After having obtained consumer key and consumer secret, execute a command.

  rankforce-oauth [-k CONSUMER_KEY] -s [-s CONSUMER_SECRET]

Options are:

  -k # set your consumer key for oauth
  -s # set your consumer secret for oauth

Access URL displayed in the state that logged in to Twitter. (As for the command, a wait keeps on being in a state.)

  Please, access this URL: http://api.twitter.com/oauth/authorize?oauth_token=(your oauth token)

Input displayed password.

  Please, input verifier after accessed it: (your password)

Output your access token and access token secret.

  Access token: (your access token)
  Access token secret: (your access token secret)

Write in rankforce configuration file. (There is the sample in $RANKFORCE_ROOT/example/config/config.yml)

== Prepare database

MySQL is necessary to use it. Please install it beforehand and prepare for the database.

  create database rankforces

Migrate the database.

  rankforce-migrate [-C CONFIG_FILE] [-m MODE]

Options are:

  -C # set the config file(yml) path (this option is required) (default is off)
  -m # choose the down or up (down equals drop table, up equals create table command) (default is off)

== Aquire data

Rankforce applications can be run directly:

  rankforce [-h] [-r REGISTER_THRESHOLD] [-t TWEET_THRESHOLD] [-b BOARD] [-c CSV_FILE] [-x XML_FILE] [-C CONFIG_FILE] [-d] [-p]

Options are:

  -h # help
  -r # set the threthold ikioi of 2ch (default 10000)
  -t # set the threthold post to twitter (default is off)
  -b # set the board of 2ch. camma separated value is possible (dedault is newplus)
  -c # set the directory path which outputs CSV (default is off)
  -x # set the directory path which outputs XML (default is off)
  -C # set the config file(yml) path (this option is required) (default is off)
  -d # register the data acquired with  database (default is off)
  -p # display the acquired data (default is off)

== Web page sample

Use Sinatra to show it in web. (Of course even Rails is OK)
In this case I use thin in an application server.

  thin start -C config/server.yml -d

Change for the setting server.yml　that is most suitable for you
About options, read a document of thin in detail.

== Synopsis

migrate example:

  rankforce-migrate -C /home/mapserver2007/rankforce/example/config/config.yml -m up

aquire data example:

  rankforce -r 3000 -t 7000 -b newsplus,news -x /home/mapserver2007/rankforce/example/views/xml -C /home/mapserver2007/rankforce/example/config/config.yml -d

web page example

  cd /home/mapserver2007/rankforce/example
  thin start -C config/server.yml -d

== More

* {Demo Website}[http://rf.summer-lights.jp/]
* {Twitter}[http://twitter.com/rankforce]


== Copyright

* Author::    mapserver2007(Ryuichi TANAKA) <mapserver2007@gmail.com>
* Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2010 mapserver2007

== License

  (The MIT License)

  Copyright (c) 2010 mapserver2007

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.